README.md, before:

# Graph Algorithms in Java

| No. | Algorithm                                                                                                             |
| --- |-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1 | [Depth First Search (DFS) Recursive using Adjacency Matrix](src/DFSRecursiveAdjMatrix.java)                           |
| 2 | [Depth First Search (DFS) Recursive using Adjacency List](src/DFSRecursiveAdjList.java)                               |
| 3 | [Depth First Search (DFS) Iterative using Adjacency Matrix](src/DFSIterativeAdjMatrix.java)                           |
| 4 | [Depth First Search (DFS) Iterative using Adjacency List](src/DFSIterativeAdjList.java)                               |
| 5 | [Breadth First Search (BFS) using Adjacency Matrix](src/BFSIterativeAdjMatrix.java)                                   |
| 6 | [Breadth First Search (BFS) using Adjacency List](src/BFSIterativeAdjList.java)                                       |
| 7 | [Union Find - Quick Find](src/QuickFind.java)                                                                         |
| 8 | [Union Find - Quick Union](src/QuickUnion.java)                                                                       |
| 9 | [Union Find - Union By Rank](src/UnionByRank.java)                                                                    |
| 10 | [Union Find with Path Compression](src/PathCompression.java)                                                          |
| 11 | [Optimized Union Find](src/UnionFind.java)                                                                            |
| 12 | [Topological Sorting Using DFS](src/TopologicalSortingDFS.java)                                                       |
| 13 | [Topological Sorting Using Kahn's BFS Algorithm](src/TopologicalSortingKahnsBFS.java)                                 |
| 14 | [Detect Cycle in a Directed Graph](src/DetectCycleInDirectedGraph.java)                                               |
| 15 | [Detect Cycle in an Undirected Graph](src/DetectCycleInUndirectedGraph.java)                                          |
| 16 | [Dijkstra's Algorithm - Shortest Path from source to all vertices](src/DijkstrasAlgorithm.java)                       |
| 17 | [Floyd Warshall's Algorithm - Shortest Path from every vertex to every other vertex](src/FloydWarshallAlgorithm.java) |
| 18 | [Is Graph Bipartite?](src/IsGraphBiPartite.java)                                                                      |
| 19 | [Kruskal's Algorithm - Minimum Spanning Tree](src/MinimumSpanningTreeKruskals.java)                                   |
| 20 | [Prim's Algorithm - Minimum Spanning Tree](src/MinimumSpanningTreePrims.java)                                         |
| 21 | [Bellman Ford's Algorithm - Shortest Path from source to all vertices](src/BellmanFordAlgorithm.java)                 |
| 22 | [Johnson's Algorithm - Shortest Path from every vertex to every other vertex](src/JohnsonAlgorithm.java)              |
| 23 | [A* Search Algorithm](src/AStarSearch.java)                                                                           |
| 24 | [Graph Coloring](src/GraphColoring.java)                                                                              |

Commit message:

Adjacency List to Adjacency Matrix

README.md, after:

# Graph Algorithms in Java

## Introduction
| No. | Algorithm                                                         |
| --- |-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1   | [Adjacency List to Adjacency Matrix](src/AdjListToAdjMatrix.java) |
| 2   | [Adjacency Matrix to Adjacency List](src/AdjMatrixToAdjList.java) |
| 3   | [Edges to Adjacency List](src/EdgesToAdjList.java)                |
| 4   | [Edges to Adjacency Matrix](src/EdgesToAdjMatrix.java)            |

## Algorithms

| No. | Algorithm                                                                                                             |
| --- |-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1 | [Depth First Search (DFS) Recursive using Adjacency Matrix](src/DFSRecursiveAdjMatrix.java)                           |
| 2 | [Depth First Search (DFS) Recursive using Adjacency List](src/DFSRecursiveAdjList.java)                               |
| 3 | [Depth First Search (DFS) Iterative using Adjacency Matrix](src/DFSIterativeAdjMatrix.java)                           |
| 4 | [Depth First Search (DFS) Iterative using Adjacency List](src/DFSIterativeAdjList.java)                               |
| 5 | [Breadth First Search (BFS) using Adjacency Matrix](src/BFSIterativeAdjMatrix.java)                                   |
| 6 | [Breadth First Search (BFS) using Adjacency List](src/BFSIterativeAdjList.java)                                       |
| 7 | [Union Find - Quick Find](src/QuickFind.java)                                                                         |
| 8 | [Union Find - Quick Union](src/QuickUnion.java)                                                                       |
| 9 | [Union Find - Union By Rank](src/UnionByRank.java)                                                                    |
| 10 | [Union Find with Path Compression](src/PathCompression.java)                                                          |
| 11 | [Optimized Union Find](src/UnionFind.java)                                                                            |
| 12 | [Topological Sorting Using DFS](src/TopologicalSortingDFS.java)                                                       |
| 13 | [Topological Sorting Using Kahn's BFS Algorithm](src/TopologicalSortingKahnsBFS.java)                                 |
| 14 | [Detect Cycle in a Directed Graph](src/DetectCycleInDirectedGraph.java)                                               |
| 15 | [Detect Cycle in an Undirected Graph](src/DetectCycleInUndirectedGraph.java)                                          |
| 16 | [Dijkstra's Algorithm - Shortest Path from source to all vertices](src/DijkstrasAlgorithm.java)                       |
| 17 | [Floyd Warshall's Algorithm - Shortest Path from every vertex to every other vertex](src/FloydWarshallAlgorithm.java) |
| 18 | [Is Graph Bipartite?](src/IsGraphBiPartite.java)                                                                      |
| 19 | [Kruskal's Algorithm - Minimum Spanning Tree](src/MinimumSpanningTreeKruskals.java)                                   |
| 20 | [Prim's Algorithm - Minimum Spanning Tree](src/MinimumSpanningTreePrims.java)                                         |
| 21 | [Bellman Ford's Algorithm - Shortest Path from source to all vertices](src/BellmanFordAlgorithm.java)                 |
| 22 | [Johnson's Algorithm - Shortest Path from every vertex to every other vertex](src/JohnsonAlgorithm.java)              |
| 23 | [A* Search Algorithm](src/AStarSearch.java)                                                                           |
| 24 | [Graph Coloring](src/GraphColoring.java)                                                                              |
